# Project Leads Meeting Notes: 2020-03-18

## Agenda

* Current action items status update
* Anything new, not necessarily related to action items
* New Action items

## In Attendance

In alphabetical order:

* David Alecrim
* Katherine Rodriguez
* Pedro Filipe
* Sam Lanning
* Telmo Dias

## Action items from [previous meeting](2020-03-17.md)

* RESEARCH!!
  * Contact more organisations to get more info - **Pedro, Shayan**
    * **Status:** Contacted new volunteer that had 2 small NGOs on their country (Tunisia)
  * Investigate how uber / DoorDash / Lyft protects people against random people going to pick them up - **Katherine**
    * **Status:** Worked on a little bit, may have time tonight, made google doc (yet to share)
* Legal problems on the person in need centric approach - **Jon**
  * **Status:** No update (Jon not present)
* Flesh out some workflows for each approach - **Sam**
  * Wireframes - **Sam, Cinthya**
  * Use cases - **Sam, Telmo**
  * **Status:** Made a good start with workflow, requesting side DRAFT done, have a bunch of comments from Wilson and Telmo to read through.
* Community management roles! - **Shayan, Pedro**
  * Reduce the onboarding barrier for new volunteers to the project
  * **Status:** Requested Sam to have moderator permissions
* Leverage full time people - **Shayan, David**
  * Spoke to 4 people, 1 person choosing to go with another project, 3 deciding to join us full time. Leaving us with 4 full-timers:
    * Sam
    * Wilson (backend)
    * Micael (fullstack)
    * Rúben (front-end/mobile)
* Translation coordinator - **Cinthya** (will become relevant later)
  * **Status:** Nothing to do right now

## Other discussion Items

### Questions to ask organizations:

1. How does your process/How does your service work?
1. How many people are you?
1. How do you receive requests for help from people in need?
1. Do you allow requests to be made on behalf of someone that’s not the person contacting?
1. How are you storing the data (Google Sheets/Database, etc)?
1. Do you do Quality Assurance on your volunteers? If so, how?
1. How do you manage the operations of the volunteers? Do you work with the authorities?
1. Which parts of the country do you cover?
1. What is the percentage of elderly people you help?
1. Do you measure your impact? If so, how?
1. How do you plan to deal with the increase of demand for your service?

### Red Cross process:

Volunteers are already registered (and checked) before any project.

Even if you submit your own volunteering project, RC requires that you become a RC volunteer first, at which point they will do a background screening on you (I guess this depends on how much security can be an issue regarding the project)

### Dev Ops:

We got AWS credits and an AWS account so we can start thinking about infrastructure in more concrete terms.

### Telmo:

Created a PDF with review comments of the Wireframes, available here: https://helpfulengineering.slack.com/archives/C010ACWBU87/p1584555919007100

## New Action Items:

* Contact anarchistagency@gmail.com to ask for help contacting all those orgs on the doc - **Pedro**
* Branding:
  * Create Landing Page:
    * Check Github Pages
    * Gatsby - Find some starters (**Pedro**) -> when done, talk with **David**
    * Netlify
  * Finalize name:
    * Ask in the channel - **Telmo**
  * Create branding package:
    * Ask in the bigger channel for marketing/designer people - **Sam**
    * Reach out to designer - **David**
  * Create a domain for the project: (ask devops?)
    * Create email for the project (with domain)
    * Try GSuite (free for charities)
  * Coordinate new full time volunteers so they can contribute better to the project - **Sam**
