# Project Leads Meeting Notes: 2020-03-17

## In Attendance

In alphabetical order:

* Cinthya Jauregui
* David Alecrim
* Jeni Rainer
* Jon Carlos
* Katherine Rodriguez
* Pedro Filipe
* Sam Lanning
* Shayan Chowdhury
* Telmo Dias

## Discuss initial MVP requirements:

### General/Landing Page

* A clean, simple, mobile-responsive website (frontend, UI)
* For the site wireframe, let's have a main page + partners + about us (UX)
* Main page is a form with a few entry fields (UX, architecture)
* Partners is just a list of ones we've contacted/confirmed? (UI)
* About is our mission statement and an FAQ (project managers)

### Initial User workflow

* **End user:**
  * Can select type of request they need to open (medical, groceries, etc);
  * Fills the request - A simple form might be enough
  * The request goes to a pool where the closest/more available org picks it up
  * User receives notification saying the request has been picked up
  * Once the user gets their needs fulfilled they can change the status to solved (don't know if it should be the volunteer)
* **Volunteer user:**
  * Request on behalf of an end user (from phone requests)
    * If many requests come in via phone, record them and have them transcribed and triaged (first via people and next via automation)
  * Should have a status saying they are available to help or not at that moment
  * Receives request from org where he applied to
  * Fulfills request
* **Organization admin:**
  * Dashboard to monitor available volunteers (per zone, specialization, etc...)
  * Can monitor the requests status in real time
  * Can see graphs to check if the ratio is positive (more fulfilled than failed)
  * Receive complaints from unhappy PIN's

### Suggested Changes / Additions / Comments

* Add way of allowing Organizations add request manually
  (for requests that don't come through via the app).
* Allow for a way of users making their requests via phone calls (added above)
* Allow micro local people add themselves as Orgs/Volunteers
  so they can set up street support groups
  * Managing organisations is easier than doing it on a one-to-one basis
    with individuals
* Consideration that it might be OSS (White-Label) software rather than
  centralized SaaS
  * It may be an option but depends on the requirements & discussions with
    organizations as to what their needs are.
* Who do we want to serve by building the software? Is it the PIN or the
  organizations? What's the quickes way of having an impact?
  * Organization-first approach:
    * **If system doesn't fit VO's needs, they just won't use it!**
  * person-in-need-centric approach (rather than partnering only with big orgs)
    * More grass roots
    * Investigate:
      * DoorDash, Uber, Lyft
  * Middle Ground:
    * Organizations (even smaller grass-roots ones) have good outreach and
      recognized programmes.
    * Could we still take an organization-based approach,
      but not rely on large organizations with a vetting process,
      allowing smaller orgs and initiatives.
  * Protecting security of PINs:
    * Double-Accept
      1. Request is made
      2. Volunteer accepts request
      3. Requester accepts volunteer
    * Ratings:
      * PINs can rate volunteers, and vice versa.
        People can see ratings before accepting a case or volunteer.
* Mitigating barriers for less tech-able PINs:
  * Able to submit requests on behalf of someone else, e.g. neighbor / family
    * AKA. "nominating PINs"
  * Simplified setup of requests by email / phone
  * Problems:
    * People could abuse the system by requesting lots of resources for other
      people, but keeping it for themselves.
      * Could we have ID verification?
* Translations will be required for many languages (needs to be very local)
  * Translations can be requested in `#communications-translations`

## Action Items

* RESEARCH!!
  * Contact more organisations to get more info - **Pedro, Shayan**
  * Investigate how uber / DoorDash / Lyft protects people against random people going to pick them up - **Katherine**
* Legal problems on the person in need centric approach - **Jon**
* Flesh out some workflows for each approach - **Sam**
  * Wireframes - **Sam, Cinthya**
  * Use cases - **Sam, Telmo**
* Community management roles! - **Shayan, Pedro**
  * Reduce the onboarding barrier for new volunteers to the project
* Leverage full time people - **Shayan, David**
  * Sam, Wilson, Mikhail
* Translation coordinator - **Cinthya**
  * Add to project info - **Sam**
* ~~Move meeting notes to repo - **Sam**~~
* Create trello cards for action items - **Sam**

We should take more active minutes next time!